===============================
New Year's Resolutions for 2013
===============================

:date: 2012-12-31 10:45
:tags: holidays, resolutions, python, capoeira, family, friends, django
:category: blog

I'm one of those people who not only likes to make New Year's Resolutions, I like to blog about them.

Resolution
==========

* Go to at least one technical conference in North America, South America, Europe, Asia,  Africa, and Australia.
* Visit at least one new nation. It's hard to come up with preferences since the whole world is so exciting.
* Go back to at least one of the nations I've visited before. 
* Take a road trip across the USA.
* See the Grand Canyon.
* Keep to a 32 waist for the whole year.
* Visit friends and family back east.
* Blog once a week. That is at least 52 blog entries!
* Visit the beach for more than one day.
* Take a fun class with Audrey.
* Teach some Python or Django.
* Build something real using Twisted as a critical component.
* Take a high level Python class from the likes of Raymond Hettinger or David Beazley.
* Commit to core Python
* Visit my Son.
* Upload all my outstanding pictures to Flickr!
* Pull off an Aú sem Mão (no-handed cartwheel).
* Attend my first Capoeira Batizado (formal gathering).
* Work out at least three times a week.
* Learn how to surf or snowboard.
* Have a beer with Thomas, Andy, Andy, Tony, Garrick, Bernd, and the rest of Ye Aulde Gange.
* See my old DC area friends such as Eric, Chris, Steve, Beth, Sarah, Daye, Renee, Kenneth, Leslie, Whitney, Dave, and many others.

Accomplished
============

* Publish as least one book. See `Two Scoops of Django`_
* Update my blog to Pelican 3.
* Implement a custom theme design so my blog looks more unique. ;-)


.. _`Two Scoops of Django`: http://django.2scoops.org/